# v0.90.0-beta
**Note:** This version is currently not meant for public use, but for internal testing. The reason is that it might be quite unstable. Nevertheless, feel free to test if you understand the risks.

### What's new compared to the latest version of Trilium Notes (0.63.7)?

Theoretically, nothing. This version is based on Trilium Notes 0.63.7, but it introduces a significant refactoring of the code: the server has been ported from JavaScript to TypeScript.

To the end user, nothing should change, except that some things might have been broken in the process.

For the first release of TriliumNext, we simply need to check if there are any regressions by using it in day-to-day activities. Feel free to [report any issues](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/new/choose).

### What do I need to do in order to start?

For the desktop application, simply download it from the releases page and extract it in a similar fashion to how the original Trilium Notes is installed.

Regarding data, please note that **Trilium Notes shares the same database as Trilium Notes.** A manual database backup is strongly encouraged:

*   On Windows, open Windows Explorer and type `%appdata%` in the address bar. Look for `trilium-data` and simply copy and paste it.
*   On Linux, the data directory is in `~/.local/share/trilium-data`.

Generally your existing notes should be quite safe (there are no database migrations or API changes, only the consistency checks could have been impacted), haven't noticed any issues when testing.

Additionally, since the sync version has not changed either, you should be able to mix the client and the server between Trilium Notes and Trilium Notes.

The server is also packaged and available in the release. For the Docker build, the Docker image is built automatically and is available on GitHub's Docker registry.

### Why v0.90.0

The current release from [zadam/trilium](https://github.com/zadam/trilium/releases/tag/v0.63.7) is 0.63.7.

If we reset the version number to 0.1, there are a few downsides:

*   This might cause issues with migration and updates checking.
*   The fact that TriliumNext 0.1.0 is based off of Trilium 0.63.7 can be rather confusing.

At the same time we would not want to bump directly to the next version as we would directly enter in conflict with future releases of Trilium. As such, we are bumping it to 0.90 instead.