# v0.90.3
This is the first public release of TriliumNext considered stable.

## ❔ Why TriliumNext?

TriliumNext has started as a fork of [Trilium Notes](https://github.com/zadam/trilium) at the beginning of 2024. The reason for the work is that the upstream project has entered [maintenance phase](https://github.com/zadam/trilium/issues/4620) and we would like to extend the application.

The work so far has focused more on the technical aspects because most of the work has been done by @zadam and handing over a project of this size is non-trivial. Some more technical work will be done in the upcoming versions after which the project can focus on improving the user experience as much as possible.

As a short overview of what's planned next from a user-facing point of view:

*   Support for multiple languages.
*   Improving the existing theme and decluttering the UI.
*   Mobile improvements.
*   Exploring additional editors such as a MarkDown-based editor.

## ⬆️ Porting from Trilium Notes?

There is no change in the database structure.

Trilium Notes can be run instead of the original Trilium Notes and it should work out of the box, since it will reuse the same database.

It should also be possible to downgrade back to Trilium Notes if required, without any changes or loss of data.

Similarly goes for the server, it should work out of the box. It is possible to mix and match between Trilium Notes and Trilium Notes.

## 🐞 How stable is the version

Generally you should not encounter any breaking bugs as the prior versions have been tested and daily-driven for a few weeks now.

Should you encounter any issue, feel free to report them on [our GitHub issues](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues).

## ✨ Key highlights

*   Fixed (from v0.90.2-beta)
    *   Fixed [Error importing zip file](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/281)
    *   Fixed Alt+Left and Alt+Right navigation would not work under Electron.
    *   Added a fresh new icon to represent our ongoing effort to improve Trilium.
*   v0.90.2-beta
    *   Fixed some issues with the sync.
    *   Ported the server from Common.js to ES modules.
    *   Updated the CKEditor from 41.0.0 to 41.4.2.
    *   Updated Electron from 25.9.8 (marked as end-of-life) to 31.2.1.
    *   Started adding support for internationalization ([#248](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/248)). The application will soon be able to be translated into multiple languages.
    *   Improved error management for scripting
*   v0.90.1-beta
    *   Introduced a Windows installer instead of the .zip installation.
    *   Bug fixes related to the TypeScript port of the server.
*   v0.90.0-beta
    *   On a technical side, the server was rewritten in TypeScript. This should improve the stability of both current and future developments thanks to the language's type safety. It will also make the development slightly easier.