# v0.92.3-beta
## 💡 Key highlights

*   [Signed binaries for macOS (thanks to @perfectra1n for the implementation).](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/1267)
*   Basic support for right-to-left content has been added. See in-app help (F1) for more information.

## 🐞 Bugfixes

*   [Errors occurred when importing some .enex files](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/943)
*   Error log about sending headers twice when accessing a password-protected share.
*   Migrations since Trilium 0.60.4 are now working, no more need to update to the latest zadam's Trilium version before migrating to TriliumNext.
*   [Custom widget position doesn't work](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/1321)
*   Canvas: Unable to copy-paste elements on the canvas.
*   Couldn't add external link from add link dialog by @JYC333

## ✨ Improvements

*   A task list/to-do list system is on the works.
*   [Small improvements to Zen Mode](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/1258/files) by @pano9000
*   Calendar View:
    *   Display promoted attributes (initial implementation by @rom1dep)
    *   Customisable start and end attributes.
*   Search now focuses automatically on search string
*   Video file preview:
    *   Display in full-width by default (similar to PDFs)
    *   Match screen size while maintaining aspect ratio (remove the scroll).
    *   Improve display in note list.
*   Settings: improve ETAPI options page description by @pano9000
*   Small improvements for printing:
    *   Code blocks are now displayed with word wrapping.
    *   Language tag is hidden if it's “auto-detected”.
*   Minor improvements to the in-app help (updated documentation, removed suffix from title, image fit).

## 🌍 Internationalization

*   French translation improvements by @Potjoe-97
*   Romanian translation improvements
*   Chinese translation improvements by @clsty
*   Spanish translation improvements by @hasecilu

## 🛠️ Technical updates

*   bundle bootstrap with webpack by @pano9000
*   remove unneeded extra arm64 handling by @pano9000
*   update dependency prettier to v3.5.3
*   update dependency sass to v1.85.1
*   update dependency typedoc to v0.27.9
*   update vitest monorepo to v3.0.7
*   update dependency chardet to v2.1.0
*   update dependency mind-elixir to v4.4.1
*   update dependency axios to v1.8.1
*   update dependency electron to v34.3.0
*   update dependency force-graph to v1.49.3
*   update dependency typescript to v5.8.2
*   update dependency axios to v1.8.2 \[security\]
*   Various TypeScript ports by @pano9000 and @JYC333
*   package.json maintenance by @pano9000
*   let webpack handle dayjs, split.js and i18next by @pano9000
*   fix prettier code style issues by @pano9000
*   add eslint as linter by @pano9000
*   stop copying dump-db during build by @pano9000