# v0.91.3-beta
## 💡 Key highlights

*   Quite a few mobile improvements have been done (**kindly waiting for bug reports**)
    *   On mobile the horizontal layout (with the launcher bar displayed at the top of the screen instead of on the left side) is now enforced.
        *   This allows for more real estate for the content of the note and simplifies the mobile layout.
    *   The launch bar has also been moved at the bottom, to be inline with modern application layouts.
    *   Restructured the tree as a sidebar which is triggered via a button on the left side of the title bar.
    *   The sidebar can also be triggered by swiping to the right on the left side of the screen. _Still some quirks to address on both iOS and Android due to their weird back button gesture_.
    *   Improved the positioning of the bottom bar and of the editor toolbar.
    *   Tabs have been enabled. Currently we are using the same implementation as on desktop, which might have a few quirks on mobile.
    *   Jump to note is now available.
    *   The mobile view now has its own launch bar configuration with its own launch bar buttons. For now only a few have been enabled. **Feel free to request any button from the desktop should you require it.**
    *   Now it's possible to insert footnotes in CKEditor, thanks to a fork of [ThomasAitken/ckeditor5-footnotes](https://github.com/ThomasAitken/ckeditor5-footnotes).
    *   It's also possible to create inline Mermaid diagrams into text notes.

## Known issues

*   On mobile, opening in a new tab activates the new tab but does not refresh the tab bar.

## 🐞 Bugfixes

*   Prevent HTML from rendering in launcher bar.
*   [Calendar overflows off right of view when in mobile view](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/783)
*   Note tree context menu not shown on long press on iOS.
*   [Advanced tree menu is only accessible in the mobile view via long-press](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/785)
*   [NotFoundError after trying to paste filepath into note, restart required](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/881)
*   login: fix "flash of unstyled content" by @pano9000
*   [Limit search function doesn't work](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/920)
*   [fix ck-editor checkboxes not showing checkmark while printing](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/908) by @pano9000

## ✨ Improvements

*   [Syntax Highlighting for Batch scripts](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/830)
*   Mobile improvements
    
    *   Translucent top bar mobile layout on iOS
    *   Display formatting toolbar above keyboard.
*   Fonts
    
    *   Grouped the font selection by font type (sans-serif, monospace, etc.).
    *   Added an option to use the system font (e.g. “Segoe UI” for Windows).
*   Display the content of JSON attachments and improve the style of attachment code blocks.
*   Translucent top bar on desktop layout for iPad
*   ['Show Help' and 'About Trillium Notes' menu options are now available in the mobile view](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/666)
*   Back/forward buttons have been enabled for web builds as well, mostly for mobile view.
*   [support for RFC 5870 geo-URIs](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/891) by @0Raptor
*   login: add Trilium icon and improve style by @pano9000
*   allow disabling mention autocomplete by pressing escape (forward port of @zadam’s work)
*   [Restyle the help dialog](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/903) by @adoriandoran
*   Added back ESLint support for backend notes
*   Exporting JavaScript code blocks in text notes to Markdown now sets the right language tag.

## 🌍 Internationalization

*   Spanish translation improvements by @hasecilu
*   Chinese translation improvements by @Nriver
*   [make <kbd>tags translatable</kbd>](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/857) by @pano9000
*   [make duplicate notes suffix translatable](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/859) by @pano9000
*   improve translatability of database\_backed\_up\_to string by @pano9000
*   translate some buttons in the note tree
*   translate a few note map buttons

## ⬆️ Technical Improvements

*   Library updates
    
    *   force-graph to v1.47.2
    *   @highlightjs/cdn-assets to v11.11.1
    *   typedoc to v0.27.6
    *   jquery.fancytree to v2.38.4
    *   katex to v0.16.19
    *   @types/node to v22.10.5
    *   marked to v15.0.5
    *   mind-elixir to v4.3.6
    *   better-sqlite3 to v11.8.0
    *   CKEditor to 41.3.2
    *   jsdom to v26
    *   i18next to v24.2.1
    *   draggabilly to v3.0.0
    *   electron to 33.3.1.
    *   Node.js for Docker containers: v22.13.0
    *   ts-loader: v9.5.2
*   [use existing randomSecureToken function](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/866) by @pano9000
*   use named exports for the utils functions by @pano9000
*   use Set instead of Arrays for faster lookups by @pano9000
*   remove unused 'request' by @pano9000
*   utils/formatDownloadTitle: simplify function by @pano9000
*   remove unused tree-kill dependency by @pano9000
*   [Add timezone and localtime mounts to docker-compose](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/892) by @perfectra1n
*   login: simplify JS by @pano9000
*   set password: various smaller fixes by @pano9000
*   use ejs partial for injecting window.glob by @pano9000
*   add prettier as devDep and scripts by @pano9000
*   add override for \*.json tab width to match .editorconfig by @pano9000
*   update deprecated electron packages by @pano9000
*   Add server logging for CKEditor state changes by @process
*   refactor(data\_dir): simplify logic and make code robust and testable by @pano9000
*   replace csurf with csrf-csrf by @pano9000
*   refactor(backend\_log): improve getBackendLog by @pano9000
*   fix(views): replace deprecated meta tag by @pano9000