# v0.92.1-beta
## 💡 Key highlights

*   There are now stricter rules when it comes to importing HTML, where we only allow very few styles (colors, borders, etc.). Should you encounter any issues when importing, try disabling “Safe import” and report any issues you might have.

## 🐞 Bugfixes

*   Geomap: Viewport and zoom not restored properly when switching between two geomaps.
*   [Imported Evernote Enex file overlaps Trilium UI](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/931)

## ✨ Improvements

*   Web view now renders in browser using an `<iframe>`. It might have a few quirks but it seems to work in basic usecases.
*   When rendering a File note that contains text, display only a fragment of the text in order to improve UI responsiveness.
*   [Treat .mdx files as markdown](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/1236)
*   Calendar view
    
    *   Customizable calendar entries by @rom1dep
    *   Calendar is now displayed in full height.
    *   Option to hide the weekends.
    *   Icons are now displayed next to events, if one is set.
    *   The calendar is now recursive, as such it will look for calendar notes in the children of its child notes and so on.
    *   Basic integration with day notes, if calendar view is set to a `#calendarRoot` it will now render all the day notes and its children (1-level nesting). See help for more info.
*   Support for importing UTF-16 LE (such as mails saved as HTML from Outlook) content.
*   Settings
    
    *   Friendly numbers protected session timeout by @pano9000
    *   Friendly numbers note revision by @pano9000
*   Share: [Allow redirecting / to `#shareRoot` if not authenticated](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/1207) by @maphew
*   In-app-help:
    
    *   Remove any help notes that are no longer in use.
    *   Restore the icon of help notes.
*   [Markdown headings are now exported using ATX syntax (`#`) instead of the setext (`------`)](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/issues/1251)
*   Add TypeScript note type by default by @pano9000
*   [Geotag: Colorable markers](https://github.com/TriliumNext/Notes/pull/1229) by @McSido

## 🌍 Internationalization

*   German language improvements by @greg1904

## 🛠️ Technical updates

*   add time selector option widget by @pano9000
*   update dependency ws to v8.18.1
*   update dependency typedoc to v0.27.8
*   update electron-forge monorepo to v7.7.0
*   update vitest monorepo to v3.0.6
*   update dependency tsx to v4.19.3
*   update TypeScript type definitions
*   time selector add support for handling min required input by @pano9000