# Labels
A label is an [attribute](../Attributes.md) of a note which has a name and optionally a value.

## Common use cases

*   **Metadata for personal use**: Assign labels with optional values for categorization, such as `#year=1999`, `#genre="sci-fi"`, or `#author="Neal Stephenson"`. This can be combined with <a class="reference-link" href="Promoted%20Attributes.md">Promoted Attributes</a> to make their display more user-friendly.
*   **Configuration**: Labels can configure advanced features or settings (see reference below).
*   **Scripts and Plugins**: Used to tag notes with special metadata, such as the "weight" attribute in the <a class="reference-link" href="../Advanced%20Showcases/Weight%20Tracker.md">Weight Tracker</a>.

## Creating a label using the visual editor

1.  Go to the _Owned Attributes_ section in the <a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/UI%20Elements/Ribbon.md">Ribbon</a>.
2.  Press the + button (_Add new attribute_) to the right.
3.  Select _Add new label_ for the relation.

> [!TIP]
> If you prefer keyboard shortcuts, press <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>L</kbd> while focused on a note or in the _Owned Attributes_ section to display the visual editor.

While in the visual editor:

*   Set the desired name
*   Optionally, set the value of the label. Labels can exist without a value.
*   Check _Inheritable_ if the label should be inherited by the child notes as well. See <a class="reference-link" href="Attribute%20Inheritance.md">Attribute Inheritance</a> for more information.

## Creating a label manually

In the _Owned Attributes_ section in the <a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/UI%20Elements/Ribbon.md">Ribbon</a>:

*   To create a label called `myLabel` with no value, simply type `#myLabel`.
*   To create a label called `myLabel` with a value `value`, simply type `#myLabel=value`.
*   If the value contains spaces, then the text must be quoted: `#myLabel="Hello world"`.
*   If the string contains quotes (regardless of whether it has spaces), then the text must be quoted with apostrophes instead: `#myLabel='Hello "world"'`.
*   To create an inheritable label called `myLabel`, simply write `#myLabel(inheritable)` for no value or `#myLabel(inheritable)=value` if there is a value.

## Predefined labels

This is a list of labels that Trilium natively supports.

> [!TIP]
> Some labels presented here end with a `*`. That means that there are multiple labels with the same prefix, consult the specific page linked in the description of that label for more information.

<table class="ck-table-resized"><colgroup><col style="width:33.82%;"><col style="width:66.18%;"></colgroup><thead><tr><th>Label</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>disableVersioning</code></td><td>Disables automatic creation of&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Notes/Note%20Revisions.md">Note Revisions</a>&nbsp;for a particular note. Useful for e.g. large, but unimportant notes - e.g. large JS libraries used for scripting.</td></tr><tr><td><code>versioningLimit</code></td><td>Limits the maximum number of&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Notes/Note%20Revisions.md">Note Revisions</a>&nbsp;for a particular note, overriding the global settings.</td></tr><tr><td><code>calendarRoot</code></td><td>Marks the note which should be used as root for&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../Advanced%20Showcases/Day%20Notes.md">Day Notes</a>. Only one should be marked as such.</td></tr><tr><td><code>archived</code></td><td>Hides notes from default search results and dialogs. Archived notes can optionally be hidden in the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/UI%20Elements/Note%20Tree.md">Note Tree</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>excludeFromExport</code></td><td>Excludes this note and its children when exporting.</td></tr><tr><td><code>run</code>, <code>runOnInstance</code>, <code>runAtHour</code></td><td>See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Scripting/Backend%20scripts/Events.md">Events</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>disableInclusion</code></td><td>Scripts with this label won't be included into parent script execution.</td></tr><tr><td><code>sorted</code></td><td><p>Keeps child notes sorted by title alphabetically.</p><p>When given a value, it will sort by the value of another label instead. If one of the child notes doesn't have the specified label, the title will be used for them instead.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>sortDirection</code></td><td><p>If <code>sorted</code> is applied, specifies the direction of the sort:</p><ul><li><code>ASC</code>, ascending (default)</li><li><code>DESC</code>, descending</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>sortFoldersFirst</code></td><td>If <code>sorted</code> is applied, folders (notes with children) will be sorted as a group at the top, and the rest will be sorted.</td></tr><tr><td><code>top</code></td><td>If <code>sorted</code> is applied to the parent note, keeps given note on top in its parent.</td></tr><tr><td><code>hidePromotedAttributes</code></td><td>Hide&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="Promoted%20Attributes.md">Promoted Attributes</a>&nbsp;on this note. Generally useful when defining inherited attributes, but the parent note doesn't need them.</td></tr><tr><td><code>readOnly</code></td><td>Marks a note to be always be <a href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Notes/Read-Only%20Notes.md">read-only</a>, if it's a supported note (text, code, mermaid).</td></tr><tr><td><code>autoReadOnlyDisabled</code></td><td>Disables automatic <a href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Notes/Read-Only%20Notes.md">read-only mode</a> for the given note.</td></tr><tr><td><code>appCss</code></td><td>Marks CSS notes which are loaded into the Trilium application and can thus be used to modify Trilium's looks. See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Theme%20development/Custom%20app-wide%20CSS.md">Custom app-wide CSS</a>&nbsp;for more info.</td></tr><tr><td><code>appTheme</code></td><td>Marks CSS notes which are full Trilium themes and are thus available in Trilium options. See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Theme%20development">Theme development</a>&nbsp;for more information.</td></tr><tr><td><code>appThemeBase</code></td><td>Set to <code>next</code>, <code>next-light</code>, or <code>next-dark</code> to use the corresponding TriliumNext theme (auto, light or dark) as the base for a custom theme, instead of the legacy one. See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Theme%20development/Customize%20the%20Next%20theme.md">Customize the Next theme</a>&nbsp;for more information.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cssClass</code></td><td>Value of this label is then added as CSS class to the node representing given note in the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/UI%20Elements/Note%20Tree.md">Note Tree</a>. This can be useful for advanced theming. Can be used in template notes.</td></tr><tr><td><code>iconClass</code></td><td>value of this label is added as a CSS class to the icon on the tree which can help visually distinguish the notes in the tree. Example might be bx bx-home - icons are taken from boxicons. Can be used in template notes.</td></tr><tr><td><code>pageSize</code></td><td>Specifies the number of items per page in&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Notes/Note%20List.md">Note List</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>customRequestHandler</code></td><td>See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../Custom%20Request%20Handler.md">Custom Request Handler</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>customResourceProvider</code></td><td>See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../Custom%20Resource%20Providers.md">Custom Resource Providers</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>widget</code></td><td>Marks this note as a custom widget which will be added to the Trilium component tree. See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Scripting/Frontend%20Basics/Custom%20Widgets.md">Custom Widgets</a>&nbsp;for more information.</td></tr><tr><td><code>searchHome</code></td><td>New search notes will be created as children of this note (see&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Note%20Types/Saved%20Search.md">Saved Search</a>).</td></tr><tr><td><code>workspace</code> and related attributes</td><td>See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Navigation/Workspaces.md">Workspaces</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>inbox</code></td><td>default inbox location for new notes - when you create a note using <em>new note</em> button in the sidebar, notes will be created as child notes in the note marked as with <code>#inbox</code> label.</td></tr><tr><td><code>sqlConsoleHome</code></td><td>Default location of&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="#root/_hidden/_help/_help_tC7s2alapj8V/_help_wX4HbRucYSDD/_help_oyIAJ9PvvwHX/_help_YKWqdJhzi2VY">SQL Console</a>&nbsp;notes</td></tr><tr><td><code>bookmarked</code></td><td>Indicates this note is a <a href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Navigation/Bookmarks.md">bookmark</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>bookmarkFolder</code></td><td>Note with this label will appear in bookmarks as folder (allowing access to its children). See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Navigation/Bookmarks.md">Bookmarks</a>&nbsp;for more information.</td></tr><tr><td><code>share*</code></td><td>See the attribute reference in&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../Sharing.md">Sharing</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>displayRelations</code>, <code>hideRelations</code></td><td>Comma delimited names of relations which should be displayed/hidden in a&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Note%20Types/Relation%20Map.md">Relation Map</a>&nbsp;(both the note type and the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../Note%20Map%20(Link%20map%2C%20Tree%20map).md">Note Map (Link map, Tree map)</a>&nbsp;general functionality).</td></tr><tr><td><code>titleTemplate</code></td><td><p>Default title of notes created as children of this note. This value is evaluated as a JavaScript string and thus can be enriched with dynamic content via the injected <code>now</code> and <code>parentNote</code> variables.</p><p>Examples:</p><ul><li><code><span class="math-tex">\({parentNote.getLabel('authorName')}'s literary works</span></code></li><li><code>Log for \){now.format('YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss')}</code></li><li>to mirror the parent's template.</li></ul><p>See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../Default%20Note%20Title.md">Default Note Title</a>&nbsp;for more info.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>template</code></td><td>This note will appear in the selection of available template when creating new note. See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../Templates.md">Templates</a>&nbsp;for more information.</td></tr><tr><td><code>toc</code></td><td>Controls the display of the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Note%20Types/Text/Table%20of%20contents.md">Table of contents</a>&nbsp;for a given note. <code>#toc</code> or <code>#toc=show</code> to always display the table of contents, <code>#toc=false</code> to always hide it.</td></tr><tr><td><code>color</code></td><td>defines color of the note in note tree, links etc. Use any valid CSS color value like 'red' or #a13d5f<br>Note: this color may be automatically adjusted when displayed to ensure sufficient contrast with the background.</td></tr><tr><td><code>keyboardShortcut</code></td><td>Defines a keyboard shortcut which will immediately jump to this note. Example: 'ctrl+alt+e'. Requires frontend reload for the change to take effect.</td></tr><tr><td><code>keepCurrentHoisting</code></td><td>Opening this link won't change hoisting even if the note is not displayable in the current hoisted subtree.</td></tr><tr><td><code>executeButton</code></td><td>Title of the button which will execute the current code note</td></tr><tr><td><code>executeDescription</code></td><td>Longer description of the current code note displayed together with the execute button</td></tr><tr><td><code>excludeFromNoteMap</code></td><td>Notes with this label will be hidden from the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Note%20Types/Note%20Map.md">Note Map</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>newNotesOnTop</code></td><td>New notes will be created at the top of the parent note, not on the bottom.</td></tr><tr><td><code>hideHighlightWidget</code></td><td>Hides the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Note%20Types/Text/Highlights%20list.md">Highlights list</a>&nbsp;widget</td></tr><tr><td><code>hideChildrenOverview</code></td><td>Hides the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Notes/Note%20List.md">Note List</a>&nbsp;for that particular note.</td></tr><tr><td><code>subtreeHidden</code></td><td>Hides all child notes of this note from the tree, displaying a badge with the count of hidden children. Children remain accessible via search or direct links.</td></tr><tr><td><code>printLandscape</code></td><td>When exporting to PDF, changes the orientation of the page to landscape instead of portrait.</td></tr><tr><td><code>printPageSize</code></td><td>When exporting to PDF, changes the size of the page. Supported values: <code>A0</code>, <code>A1</code>, <code>A2</code>, <code>A3</code>, <code>A4</code>, <code>A5</code>, <code>A6</code>, <code>Legal</code>, <code>Letter</code>, <code>Tabloid</code>, <code>Ledger</code>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>geolocation</code></td><td>Indicates the latitude and longitude of a note, to be displayed in a&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Collections/Geo%20Map.md">Geo Map</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>map:*</code></td><td>Defines specific options for the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Collections/Geo%20Map.md">Geo Map</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>calendar:*</code></td><td>Defines specific options for the&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Collections/Calendar.md">Calendar View</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>viewType</code></td><td>Sets the view of child notes (e.g. grid or list). See&nbsp;<a class="reference-link" href="../../Basic%20Concepts%20and%20Features/Notes/Note%20List.md">Note List</a>&nbsp;for more information.</td></tr></tbody></table>